Add paragraph about non-breaking changes (#120)
parallaxsecond/parsec-book: src/parsec_client/api_overview.md

principle*. In practice, this means that each operation in the API, once introduced, will not be
contractually modified. The API can only change by introducing new operations. This preserves
backwards compatibility with client code. Any client code that makes use of any given operation will
continue to work, even if new operations are introduced.

### Non-breaking changes

In some cases, it might be helpful to update contracts in a *non-breaking way*. If multiple
operations share the same parameters (such as the PSA algorithm or key attributes), this avoids
having to duplicate all of them if an update is done to those parameters. To make sure that backward
compatibility with client code is always preserved and that the Parsec service remains stable
through updates, the allowed changes are restricted to the following:

- Adding a new *optional* field to an existing type. If not set, the contract containing the new
   field should behave exactly the same as the version without it. The new field should be ignored
   if not recognised by an old version. That means that the functionality brought by a new optional

>    field might not be exerced if the service is older than the client, and that without an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   field might not be exercised if the service is older than the client, without an error
```
?

Reviewer: but now I have questions - how does the client know the service didn't see that field, if capability discovery isn't a thing?
